Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Mr. Kim?
Oh. I'm sorry. I startled you. didn't I?
No. no.
But you seem very tired.
Aren't you overdoing it?
My dad isn't--
No. I'm fine.
But Yuri. can we please
not mention this to Dae?
Yes. of course.
He's lucky
he didn't cause an accident.
I'm only telling you because I'm worried.
Your dad seems really tired recently.
Should I talk to my dad?
Tell him to adjust his working hours?
Thank you. You must be
dealing with a lot right now yourself.
Don't you have Moon's
music production class this morning?
Anyway. I'll talk to my dad.
Dearest relatives.
I come to ask--
Oh my God!
Why are you just standing there?
You're too late.
She thought you weren't coming.
so my grandma stepped out for a bit.
We're very sorry.
Which one of you is here to be matched?
It's really starting
to pour out there!
Jiwon.
- Yes.
- Come here and help me.
Grandma! Over here.
Who are these people?
Aren't these your new clients?
What are you talking about?
No. why would a radish farmer
have such a fair skin complexion?
Plus. his younger sister...
...has a famous hairy mole. look.
It's not there.
Who are you both?
I am Kitty Song.
My mom's Eve Song.
She's your sister's daughter.
Grandma.
what's she talking about?
That's enough!
Stop and just leave! Get out!
Leave right now!
I said get out!
Why are you just standing there? Get out!
- Halmoni!
- Yeah. yeah.
Get out! Get out now!
I told you to get out!
- Oh. what's wrong with you?
- What?
How upsetting.
Oh. my temperature is rising.
Hello?
Yes. this is Dae Kim.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm